# SajidMohammad
# This page use for personal website, academic and research industry projects 
Layout
Your website will display in a two-column layout by default on larger-screen devices, with your photo, name, and basic information displayed in a left-aligned "sidebar." You can quickly switch to a "stacked" single-column layout by changing the line in your _config.yml file that reads layout: sidebar to layout: stacked.
Style
Your website appears with a "light" white and gray background by default, with dark text. You can quickly switch to a "dark" background with white text by changing the line in your _config.yml file that reads style: light to style: dark.

Projects
The "My Projects" section of your website is generated by default with your nine most recently "pushed" repositories. It also excludes repositories that you forked, by default. But each of these parameters can be quickly customized in your repository's _config.yml file, under the projects dictionary line.

Parameters include:

sort_by: The method by which repositories are sorted. Options include pushed and stars.
limit: The maximum number of repositories that will be displayed in the "My Projects" section of your website. Out of the box, this number is set to 9.
exclude:
forks: When true, repositories you've forked will be excluded from the listing.
projects: A list the repository names you want to exclude from the listing.
Topics
Your website comes pre-configured with three topics (e.g. "Web design" and "Sass") that appear in a section titled "My Interests." These are also stored in your repository's _config.yml file, where you can define each topic's name and two other optional details:

web_url: The web address you'd like to your topic to link to (e.g. https://github.com/topics/sass).
image_url: The web address of an (ideally square) image that you'd like to appear with your topic.
Social media
Your website supports linking and sharing to social media services you're using, including Behance, Dribbble, Facebook, LinkedIn, Medium, Stack Overflow, Twitter, and YouTube. To identify the services you use:

Edit your repository's _config.yml file.
Edit the social_media dictionary line, and represent the services you like in a simple key: value form:
social_media:
  behance: your_username
  dribbble: your_username  
  facebook: your_username
  hackerrank: your_username
  instagram: your_username
  keybase: your_username
  linkedin: your_username
  medium: your_username
  stackoverflow: your_user_id
  telegram: your_username
  twitter: your_username
  unsplash: your_username
  vk: your_username
  website: http://your_website_url
  youtube: your_username
Links to your profile for each of the services you define will appear in the <header> of your website, appended to your bio. And if those services support sharing, any blog posts that you publish will include links to share that post using each social media service.

Note: This feature is supported by two files in your repository:

/_data/social_media.yml: Defines each of the supported services, including variable name, display name, URL path, and SVG icon.
/_includes/social_media_share_url.html: Outputs the share URL required for any of the supported social media services that support sharing URLs.
If you're interested in adding a social media service that's not already supported in this repo, you can edit these two files to build that support.
